# MerQri

Welcome to the official GitHub organization for MerQri! We're on a mission to revolutionize the way people move their personal belongings when relocating to new homes and workspaces.

## Table of Contents

- [MerQri](#merqri)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [About Us](#about-us)
  - [Projects](#projects)
  - [Accessing Private Repositories](#accessing-private-repositories)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Contributions](#contributions)
  - [Contact](#contact)

## About Us

MerQri is dedicated to making the moving process for people moving to new locations seamless. Our team is passionate about using React, Flutter and Django to achieve this dream. The fact that you're here means that you believe in the dream and you also want to make it a reality.

## Projects

Here are some of the projects we're currently working on:

- **[Merqri Mobile App]**: *[This project is focused on the development of the UI for the mobile app]*
- **[Merqri Landing Page]**: *[This project is focused on the development of the landing for the startup.]*
- **[Merqri Backend System]**: *[This is focused on building the RESTful APIs that will serve the mobile application as well as any other iterations of the application]*

## Accessing Private Repositories

To gain access to our private repositories, please follow these steps:

1. **Request Access**: Send your your GitHub username to the engineering team lead and look out for an email inviting you to the organization.
2. **Approval**: Our team will review your request and grant access if approved. You will receive an email confirmation once access is granted.Once you accept the invite, you're now part of the orgnization.
3. **Clone the Repository**: Once you have access, you can clone the repositories using the following command:

```bash

   git clone https://github.com/StartupName/RepositoryName.git
```

4.**Generate Access Token**: Once you run the command, you'll be asked to type out your github username in your terminal as well as a password. In this situation, the password in question is an access token that be generated by heading over to your Profile Settings > Developer Settings > Personal tokens > Tokens(classic).

## Getting Started

1.**Clone the Repository**: Click on the `code` button and run this command in your terminal:

```bash
   git clone https://github.com/StartupName/RepositoryName.git
```

2.**Install Dependencies**: Navigate to the project directory and install the necessary dependencies

``` bash
    cd RepositoryName
```

3.**Create a branch**: When working on a speific project, always create a branch named after the feature that you want to implement.

4.**Draft a pull request**: After working on your branch, draft a pull request for it to be merged to the `main` branch which serves as the production branch for repository. Your pull request will be reviewed by your team lead.

## Contributions

Tasks/issues are assigned to team members via Jira. If during further review a bug is discovered, an issue can be created in that repository and assigned to team members as needed.

## Contact

If you have any questions or need further assistance, feel free to reach out to your team lead on Discord.
